##### Hill Giant Test
A moss covered boulder lies in a divot in the center of this round room. 
There is a spiral ramp that runs around the outside of the room up 60 ft to a platform that extends into the middle of the room and ends (like a diving board). 
A spiral track is carved running from the divot at the boulder to the ramp and off the end of the platform. 
The brown orb is in the center of the boulder. 

The boulder will shatter if it is pushed up the track and off the end of the platform. 
The boulder can also be levitated, or just broken with weapons (though it would take a while). 
The Hill giants would use their raw strength to push the boulder up the ramp. 
They were also too dumb to realize that they were the weakest of the giant races, so any of the other giants could have completed this test. 
But hey, that's hill giants for you.

##### Stone Giant Test
This room is a square room faced with relief carvings. 
The North wall depicts a Stone giant sitting in meditation surrounded by jagged rock. 
Spending longer than a few minutes in this room reveals that the jagged rock is also slowly moving. 
The East wall depicts a Stone giant kneeling in front of Skoreaus Stonebones (history check to identify). 
The West wall depicts Stone giants reshaping mountains from great towers. 

The grey orb is contained within the north wall. 
To foreshadow the abilities of the Deadstone Cleft giants, I had this room temporarily imbue its powers to those who meditate in this room. 
Spending one hour in meditation causes a character to have a vision of speeding along the ground towards a mountain then crashing through the the stone deep into the mountains base. 
If they pass a DC 15 Wisdom save they gain the ability to meld with stone and pass into the North wall. 
Failing the save by 5 subjects them to a Flesh to Stone spell (DC 13 saves). 
This one is a bit save or dieish, but for a character who is likely to meditate, eg high WIS, they would need to roll pretty low to activate the spell, 
and then they need to fail three more saves to die, so I was ok with that. I gave advantage on saves when my players cast healing and dispel magic to help out.

##### Frost Giant Test
This square room is bisected with a crystal clear wall of ice. 
On a pedestal beyond the wall is the blue orb. 

The wall holds back an icy wind that causes 10d8 cold damage if the wall is broken, or 5d8 if it is melted using a fireball, or similarly hot effects. 
Standing within 5ft of the wall causes 1d6 cold damage per round (this should clue the players onto the danger within).
Also Harshnag can just smash the wall and retrieve the orb due to his cold immunity.

##### Fire Giant Test
In the center of this room is a forge filled with smoldering coals. 
On top of the coals is a ball made of iron bands. The red orb is contained within the iron bands. 

The iron bands unravel from the orb and wrap around the hand of anyone who touches it, forming a gauntlet that holds the red orb. 
The gauntlet then starts to heat up dealing 1d8 fire damage per round to a maximum of 5d8. 
Removing the gauntlet causes the orb and the iron bands to disappear and rise from the coals in the forge. 
Placing the red orb in the palm of the Fire giant cools the gauntlet instantly. 
Fire resistance or fast speed helps with this challenge. My players teleported themselves a lot, minimizing the damage.

##### Cloud Giant Test
A 100ft corridor leads from this archway into a 30ft wide hemispherical room. 
The floor is uneven, but soft and obscured by a heavy fog. 
A DC 15 investigation check reveals that the floor is in fact made of clouds (similar to the solid clouds of Zephyros' tower). 
In the middle of the room a white orb floats gently. 

Touching the orb causes the floor to vanish and drop the characters 60ft down a shaft. 
Invisible stalkers lurk at the bottom of the shaft (build an encounter based on your party size and level).

##### Storm Giant Test
A circular pool of dark water 60ft across and 300ft deep. 
The bottom 100ft of water require characters to make DC 15 CON saves to hold their breath under the immense pressure. 
The water is in darkness unless the characters bring light, and even then the light is halved under the water. 

At the bottom of the pool is a pedestal where the blue orb used to be. 
Elsewhere in the temple I had a camp which contained a couple of potions of water breathing. 
The adventurers who made the camp retrieved the yellow orb and then were killed by the remorhaz, which ate the orb. 
The orb must be cut out of the remorhaz which now has resistance to lightning damage and crackles with yellow energy. 
If it swallows a character, they take 3d6 acid and 3d6 lightning damage (rather than 6d6 acid damage).

In my version he tells the party what the goal of each Giant Lord is, and that the ordining will end when one of them achieves their given task. 
These are: 
Hill - become large, 
Stone - disassemble civilization, 
Frost - plunge the world into an everlasting winter, 
Fire - rebuild the Death Titan and destroy all dragons, 
Cloud - relearn ancient magics and enslave the lower races (I added that last bit), 
Storm - get your court in order.

I never told them that they had to do anything, just that this giant shitshow would end when one of the Giant Lord(ette)s achieved their goal. 
They had already killed the hill giants, so the only one they felt like assisting was the Storm giants. 
This motivated my players to assault each of the Giant lords and stop their plans, before heading to the Storm giants.

Extra: They also were forced to go the the Storm giants last as they kept losing the conchs of teleportation. 
I made it so the conch would blow a bubble of water that expanded the longer they blew to a max size (based on the creature blowing it). 
It made for a cool description and the unintended assumption that it led to plane of water. 

The first (Hill) one they blew only long enough to cover the conch itself, then they freaked out and stopped, causing the conch to disappear. 

The second (Fire) was lost when one member of the group used it to escape the Fire fortress. 
I took him aside, told him what he saw, and he tried to fight the Storm giants solo getting himself splatted. 
Everyone else assumed he drowned on the elemental plane of water. 

The third (Stone) was on Kayalithica when she was polymorphed then dipped in the petrification mud. 
She was carried around for the rest of the adventure as a potential Stone Giant grenade. 

The fourth (Frost) sank to the ocean floor when Maegera was let lose to sink the boat that Storvald was on. 

The last (cloud )they recovered and finally used when they realized the conchs must be plot related to keep turning up like they were.